How are you
Why can't it be me?
The person you want to meet is not me
Damn, we want to see President Wan
What about President Wan?
Isn't he receiving VIPs?
President Wan's whereabouts still need to be reported to you
What about VIPs?
I am the VIP
Wait for him here
Gao Linjun, you are a young master of the Xiao family
Are you worthy to be President Wan's VIP guest?
We just saw it outside.
President Wan has great respect for VIPs
As President Wan, it is still so
The identity of the VIP can be imagined
Look at yourself, look in the mirror, do you match?
Wan Guohao has to kneel down and talk when he sees me
Do you think I'm tall enough?
What kind of status is President Wan still kneeling down with you?
I think you sneaked in.
Can't you see?
Someone is sneaking in here
Kick him out
Lao Tie, we have no right to take care of customers
Do you think you are eligible to be reimbursed by this Tianzi number?
Is this where you can come?
You still don't trust me as always
Then since you don't trust me
Why are you still talking nonsense?
Your identity
Your status
What you do
Is there anything I can believe in?
status
Just because of these
So in your eyes
I am the one who will never be trusted
One-sentence person, right?
I want you to stop talking nonsense here tomorrow
Do you think we will believe what you say?
Or get out by yourself
Or I'll get someone to throw you out
Who is arguing here?